Gwenevere Abriel: Just send a quick message.
Michelle Lucero: So I don't have the internet. This morning we lost it last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing data.
Michelle Lucero: Are you and
Michelle Lucero: I'm sorry, what
Gwenevere Abriel: You're using
Gwenevere Abriel: It now or are you using Wi Fi.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah data I'm in red right now.
Michelle Lucero: You keep freezing. But I'm hopefully it'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know all about it. But let me ask you something. Here's what I've learned from other clients if there's not enough data, it starts to get
Gwenevere Abriel: sketchy. Is there anything you could do to make sure you have enough in order to have sort of a fluid process. Is that something you do where you like okay there's an account of it and maybe you're on a low amount of data left. Does that make sense.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I checked it before I logged into virtual women.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, please do for 17 so our data is global.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said is that 171 717
Michelle Lucero: Know what
Michelle Lucero: Are
Michelle Lucero: The US
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear any of that take yourself off for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can hear a little better. All right. Let's check in here. Let me hear you, tell me again what the data is.
Michelle Lucero: One of the 17 the beach. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. Um, try this. Michelle, try to stay here and call me or I'm going to call you now stay here. Let me just see what happens if
Michelle Lucero: I call you to not just take it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I'm going to call you right now.
Michelle Lucero: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the 204 4543 number
Michelle Lucero: All
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta do a little bit more logistics here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, no. I think I can do it from here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I can hear you. Can you hear me. Yes. Okay. So let's just do this here. So you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: With your video there and you can hear me here, so not ideal, but what we can do today is we won't be able to do sort of that inner child stuff we were doing before, or any kind of empty chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can do some cognitive behavioral things
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me a little bit about what you were talking about a group like tell me more about oh you and Noel are doing dynamics with you and your brother and your dad and things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yesterday,
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling me
Gwenevere Abriel: That she's happy I spoke my mind. He knows that part for me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking to work done really for me before I go trying and I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never been to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, I kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Want her to
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: That I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharing with her mother, the advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: She didn't take it like that at all and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like, Oh, well, you know, I'm glad you told me, because after I thought I was being pretty harsh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, and then now we can't get over them.
Gwenevere Abriel: beating yourself up over there because you look up to him and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's focus on your assertive communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that was one of the things that you notice felt brave about maybe even accomplished.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it didn't turn out as bad as you thought you thought maybe she was going to get really angry or defensive, but it turns out she she sort of acknowledging that that's a piece of progress in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: She usually
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: And she really didn't she just told me she told me. We'll continue this
Gwenevere Abriel: At home and they start talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: I said I thought about it for like a good women. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, if
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt bad for him. And then my founding Paris for him or her what she needs and she was, she was being told her confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our partners.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it kind of got just
Gwenevere Abriel: Like Ottawa.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stick with stick with the, I don't want to hear this. When should stay there because I think it's useful to stick with what you what you do and don't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Going into what other people might like or not, like, but rather what you didn't like. What did you not like about what she was saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: To check in with the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Friends, like
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the emotion you felt when she perceived you as being with low life friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: told him how he made me
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it made me feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I had done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before
Gwenevere Abriel: And you ended up saying what to her. Tell me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: In front of me to meet phone comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of shock.
Gwenevere Abriel: There with her and she apologized and I'm sorry I don't even make you feel uncomfortable later. And, you know, the way he
Gwenevere Abriel: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: It. I totally get that but picking up by them do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like confrontation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: A long time ago and we were at her house and she was putting in right in front of me and I feel like whole demeanor change and it's super embarrassed when she does not. And I remember telling her when he left the room like oh my god than you. Then I'm going to leave prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something with knowledge, a long time ago that
Gwenevere Abriel: If they don't include
Gwenevere Abriel: It just makes me feel so terrible. And I see it has to do with when I was a little girl. My mom and dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had no choice because
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it. Michelle That's it. That's the insight and
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, every time it happens like I can't go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shut it down.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being able to confront
Gwenevere Abriel: That that not wanting to because it was a long history.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're a little girl. How has it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got in your way, at times, because you dislike confrontations so much. What does it prevented you from doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me my homeboy, literally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like the arguments, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, if I stick up for myself or if I stand up for myself. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone's going to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then I'm thinking I should be the one yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're describing is really the two options, but those two options are old. Those are from your childhood and much of your family continues to operate. We're either sucking it up, pretending like nothing wrong or we're yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not the only one that does that all of you kind of suffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not the whole truth. You know how you said, well, it's either one or the other. I'm either shushing or if I speak. It'll just be it'll be a confrontation, but through therapy through working with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What other option is there and do you see the light at the end of the tunnel that there is an third way at least a third way to still speak your truth and it not be a blow out
Gwenevere Abriel: Face to face.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't this time though. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was not just about your cousin. It was not you notice something in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reminded you
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the addict hard, not the authentic you
Gwenevere Abriel: That you don't like. And we covered this, about two sessions ago. Anyway, you had a big sort of awakening around. Wait a minute. I have that pardon me, too. Thats hanging out with people that you wouldn't normally hang out with
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that make you think about that is you appreciate the fact that you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that history.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I never saw
Gwenevere Abriel: Myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I am. And I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to make sure that in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, remember that you are and give me examples of things that you are doing that makes the difference between I'm a drug addict versus I'm a recovering drug addict. Tell me the behaviors.
Gwenevere Abriel: That distinguish that separate those two different terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paycheck to
Gwenevere Abriel: paycheck to paycheck. I've been saving money.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel the calling the calling for country.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go for it, the one making the phone call.
Gwenevere Abriel: I also know that that
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was thinking in my head that I would be for
Gwenevere Abriel: My first
Gwenevere Abriel: Meal
Gwenevere Abriel: Shell, I can get up to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about even small things. I mean, not all things that would have never thought about like
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being able to buy groceries, if I spend my money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: My dog. I don't have any to go
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been thinking rationally.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not just the company, right. So we're going to make me feel the way I'm going to like my dad or my
Gwenevere Abriel: Head before I thought about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could get high enough, Justin, not being cut off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you start
Gwenevere Abriel: To get me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not call
Gwenevere Abriel: You know anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that person who did that who who can stop caring about the most important people in her life. What do you think of
Gwenevere Abriel: That part of you that's part of your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: People showing and not only
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: And about on the flip side of that, that was beautiful. Michelle, you're, you're really starting to see that there's a distinction between when you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: A RECOVERY mindset. You're calling people your distinguishing. I don't want to talk to this person, it's going to be a negative thing or maybe they're going to offer me a pill or something. They're gonna they're just going to be toxic. I'm not going to pick the phone up
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're thinking through stresses more cause effect and consequence, thinking about the real fiscal cost the monetary money cost.
Gwenevere Abriel: The facts of the matter. If you go use
Gwenevere Abriel: The price will pay for it, you're thinking more before you're running to the thought of using
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I always have hard questions for you. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be a life where it's one or the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you think about that you're in a car like life is like you're on this journey right and you have some sort of map. Maybe the map is religion and it gives you some idea which way to turn teaches you right from wrong and good from bad and things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe just your own family values have taught you, those things. But what it doesn't teach you
Gwenevere Abriel: Is about potholes about what to do. And there's hail. It doesn't teach you about this hill that's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't teach you the terrain. That's what's the stuff right in front of you a map only gives you basic information you are left to having to navigate to find your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: With just you and your intuition.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did that with Noel
Gwenevere Abriel: You followed your intuition.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you registered some limit that was reached when you felt uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a place to start a shell, because normally what you do is you base all of your truth on what other people tell you your truth is
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't take it anymore and you end up using
Gwenevere Abriel: What therapy with this authentic self is asking of you is that you pay attention to what you want more frequently.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's nothing wrong with what your intuition tells you you have just not been listening to it for a very long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: The price you pay when you do not listen to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could mean you don't talk to your son or daughter for weeks you cut your sister off you cut your father off cousins.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too extreme, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what this is proposing what recovery minds that is offering you
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: To do a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Of all of it, meaning a little bit of paying attention to what is it that no one wants. What is it that my cousin was a little bit, which means empathy, you can still care about the people around you and then you come back to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have empathy for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of your life. Michelle, it's not going to be one way or the other. It's going to be a little bit of both, on any given minute any given day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your fantasy that life will be without conflict is in possible
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I can pretty much guess because I'm human, too. People will not see eye to eye with you. They will want something different than what you want, they will see it from another point of view.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the freedom can come in. It doesn't have to be an all out rejection yelling name calm fist fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: But she will slowly over time have more and more instances where you speak your truth, like you did with Noel and it will have a positive outcome you won't have to compromise yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be able to speak your truth. And yes, you will risk an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it may become worth it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: We're making civil after a week, I kind of felt like a protected my phone and
Gwenevere Abriel: I was really worried about know. Wow, even though
Gwenevere Abriel: The Goddess in a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bed something even though I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just said could you continue this
Gwenevere Abriel: Year, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't sleep for my son, but I'm sure it wasn't uncomfortable as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, Wow, I can't believe I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why we're staying with this so long because it's a real departure. It's a left turn when normally you've been going right. It's a real different way of being.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That takes faith in yourself. Michelle, to have pulled that off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about. Now another time that you could believe in yourself enough that it's just as good as anybody else's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to speak, you're, you're just as important, just as valuable your opinion cares as much weight as anybody else's that you could actually speak up. Can you picture running into that maybe in the house. Maybe your dad's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example just kind of how you think it might show up even today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just use that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I was saying, let's use that example, are you going to get that laundry finished. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use that
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to stay with that one. So just stay there with this. And now I want you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: How you knew in your body that you were uncomfortable with what
Gwenevere Abriel: With what no well was saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember where you felt that
Gwenevere Abriel: Were
Gwenevere Abriel: In there it is, that's the one that's when we know something's really off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now just picture the tone of voice, the face of movement. Everything that Anthony's going to do. You've seen him do it before and you can hear his voice are you going to get that laundry finished.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you feel that in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's it doing
Gwenevere Abriel: making me hot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little tiny bit of it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, as if it were happening now. What do you believe about yourself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the presence of being said that to in the presence of this hot stomach. What do you believe about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling me to finish. There's no way that sound controlling, but I won't need to be reminded.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me to do and
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, Are you can finish, I want you to do well. Yeah, I don't want it sitting there for the rest of the week. Okay. Stay right there that you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your emotion. What's the actual emotion with offset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mad angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because people feel good. And then they make me feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Having the people
Gwenevere Abriel: That make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like imagination how your son sees you. When Anthony reminds you of things you already know and you do not need reminding
Gwenevere Abriel: Against again spending time coming outside of your own awareness and you dip into how I'm Stefan might see you
Gwenevere Abriel: So you came out, come back to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with notice you got a lot. Yeah, you do. But stay here with Matt instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I'm Anthony. And you are not doubting the fact that you already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to do. You've already decided
Gwenevere Abriel: Frankly, whether your priorities for that day are laundry or maybe you've decided you're going to deliberately leave the laundry alone because we can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do everything all at once. No matter what we have to turn our attention to something and maybe it isn't laundry and it's none of his business to know how what your priorities are. You are a grown woman. So let's just say that that were true, that you have nothing to prove to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm curious about whether any of what I said is true for you. Do you know you. Oh.
Anthony nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as that moment goes you all have no explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know that that's what I want. I want to know what you know about yourself. You have the right to not explain why not boundaries not done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, why, what is it, what is true about you that you don't owe them an explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm always doing something
Gwenevere Abriel: What about who you are, let's go a little deeper than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you know about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you valuable because you cook and clean and are pretty and nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like for you to believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You live it every day. If you just if you told me that your value is based on
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're pretty that you cook and that you clean. What is that like
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: real value.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are important things to explore
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you value in your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you value your son, if he's in a bad mood and doesn't cheer you up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, I want to know what you value about him. What is it, how do you value him if he's not cheering YOU UP AND HE'S NOT FUNNY. What is it that you value about him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just not have to do anything in order to be loved. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now shift that back over to this image with Anthony and you're looking at Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: And I find him. And I say, you're going to get that laundry finished.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you value.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way you value in your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Value yourself right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you be thinking that could shift your whole orientation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the end of the day, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna get down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it's possible that that will be inherited by your son, even though you may want it. Otherwise, what you're showing him is that his value is based on what he does and not who he is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you consider reflecting on that a little, a little today, or maybe through some journaling that what's at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your sense of love for yourself and modeling that at least for your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not motivated yet for you. But oftentimes, you can get motivated for other people. And maybe we got to work with that and let that be the progression.
Gwenevere Abriel: That what you might motivate is a need to model valuing myself so that my son can love himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be an invitation to just, just to consider that just sort of either let it sit in the unconscious in the background on the back burner or maybe put it in the foreground and give it some real intentional reflection through journaling perhaps
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlling when he walks around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Filled if
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted people to stand up for life and
Gwenevere Abriel: Creation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's my guest Michelle that until you love yourself enough value yourself just cuz you exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't feel confident and you're going to wait until you have to advocate for someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll never reach the threshold of value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until you really sit with what we're talking about today. This is a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reality is you owe him nothing you owe me nothing you can do nothing and still be lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and I can do our therapy and we can do these interventions together and we can work through how the unconscious keeps undermining your ability to kind of know that to be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't know anybody who who's assertive, who doesn't believe in themselves. They can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we just ran across you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: really believe that your value comes just because you were born.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's based on superficial thing like
Gwenevere Abriel: cooked meal you're just as lovable. If you laid in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Cried
Gwenevere Abriel: And it didn't cook, and then the next day. Well then you did or then three days later you're like, Whoa, look at this next one I'm si was a real lump yesterday wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not your value you're lovable just
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because of what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I had to believe that Michelle would not have to judge people
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they aren't meeting my standards, wouldn't I have to judge myself as a loser. Because I didn't achieve whatever whatever my measures are
Gwenevere Abriel: it's me, it's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, give those some thoughts. I saw the doctor was trying to get in here. I don't know. Did you guys want to talk. Is there any piece of the medication part that maybe she's trying
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I think you're starting work, I think, unless you heard differently are you starting still on May 16 or you're not still not sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule my work, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and I go back
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if they're going to change that I will let you know once I get there Saturday morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sense of availability for individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Send me an update of what you want, as far as individual therapy and if group needs to change. Send me a little message. Maybe on Saturday. Can you set an alarm for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. All right, but you sure you looked at some pretty difficult things today. Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just take a few minutes and sit without a little maybe do some journaling or even just a few minutes to just sort of be present with with what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see you on group, but I'll hear from you on Saturday. Okay, and enjoy your day back. I hope everybody's friendly and cheerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later.
Erica Valdez: Hi Miss Graham.
Erica Valdez: Oh my god, I don't think today's gonna be a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I saw a little something that you have
Is it nasza
Erica Valdez: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Growing up all morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You went you
Gwenevere Abriel: Went to the ER.
Erica Valdez: No, I have to set an appointment and I think I'm allergic to my IUD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my
Erica Valdez: Goodness.
Erica Valdez: Every time every time I start my period I start to feel like there's like I feel like I'm gonna pass out. And then I just feel so nauseated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh, yeah, there's definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: A Blab you
Erica Valdez: But it happens every month. So, I mean, I can share with you for as long as I mean, but I don't feel good today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, it's gonna be really hard for you to concentrate um
Erica Valdez: Let's see how
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's reschedule.
Erica Valdez: If we can for next week. That'll be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: This down down may 27
At nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Hooked up but
Gwenevere Abriel: And
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Really really firming up plans to have this looked at, there's something wrong.
Erica Valdez: Or why we're supposed to remember I was supposed to have my tubes tied
Erica Valdez: Yeah. Yes.
Erica Valdez: All the Kobe and started happening. I was supposed to have my tubes tight. That's what I wasn't going to be one of the Presidents.
Erica Valdez: Well, this is why because the birth control gets me
Erica Valdez: Sick and I
Erica Valdez: Yeah, it's horrible every month. Oh my.
Erica Valdez: Gosh, so
Gwenevere Abriel: May 2727 and then at the same time at 9am
Erica Valdez: Okay, yeah, I'm sorry, I would stay on with you but like I have to focus on my breathing. Like if you notice my lips, a term super
Erica Valdez: Bright, I don't know if you can see like they just turned super pale, I feel like. And I don't know if you can see my hands. They just shake and then I just feel nauseated.
Erica Valdez: When it comes. I don't have a full period. It's weird. I just have like this feeling, and then I have brown, black, like it's all super weird. Yeah, it's, I don't know how to tell people, and I always tell my girls super weird. But I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe scheduling with your gynecologist explaining this that doctor should really be familiar with those symptoms.
Erica Valdez: Well, so I
Erica Valdez: That's why I was supposed to get my tubes tied, because I do think that I'm allergic to that.
Erica Valdez: With something in the birth control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you do you already have an appointment or
Erica Valdez: Yeah, I haven't. I have an appointment they reschedule me from my last surgery.
Erica Valdez: For June 28 I think it is. But if everything continues to happen. They said that they have to reschedule me so I suffer with birth control every month.
Erica Valdez: Around my period of time. So like every month around this time is my period of time. So like if you catch me up. This time you're going to catch me like this every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, how would you feel about calling them this morning, instead of meeting with me. Instead, letting them know that those symptoms continue
Erica Valdez: And
Erica Valdez: Go to worse, like I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can get an earlier appointment.
Erica Valdez: Okay, well I'm gonna hang up with you now that I'm going to call them.
Erica Valdez: Perfect. Awesome.
Okay, okay.